GitHub app support for TFE (#655)
hashicorp/go-tfe: docs/TESTS.md

3. `GITHUB_REGISTRY_MODULE_IDENTIFIER` - GitHub registry module repository identifier in the format `username/repository`. Required for running registry module tests.
4. `ENABLE_TFE` - Some tests are only applicable to Terraform Enterprise or Terraform Cloud. By setting `ENABLE_TFE=1` you will enable enterprise only tests and disable cloud only tests. In CI `ENABLE_TFE` is not set so if you are writing enterprise only features you should manually test with `ENABLE_TFE=1` against a Terraform Enterprise instance.
5. `ENABLE_BETA` - Some tests require access to beta features. By setting `ENABLE_BETA=1` you will enable tests that require access to beta features. IN CI `ENABLE_BETA` is not set so if you are writing beta only features you should manually test with `ENABLE_BETA=1` against a Terraform Enterprise instance with those features enabled.
6. `TFC_RUN_TASK_URL` - Run task integration tests require a URL to use when creating run tasks. To learn more about the Run Task API, [read here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks/run-tasks)

> 7. `GITHUB_APP_INSTALLATION_ID` - Required for running any tests that use GitHub App as the VCS provider (workspace, policy sets, registry module). These tests are skipped in the automated CI pipeline because in order to use this variable, the user has to have a GitHub App Installation setup done using [TFC UI](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app). And then the value can be fetched either from the UI or from the `GET /github-app/installations` API. The test commands are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `GITHUB_APP_INSTALLATION_ID` - Required for running any tests that use GitHub App as the VCS provider (workspace, policy sets, registry module). These tests are skipped in the automated CI pipeline because in order to use this variable, the user has to have a GitHub App Installation setup done using [TFC UI](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/enterprise/admin/application/github-app-integration). And then the value can be fetched either from the UI or from the `GET /github-app/installations` API. The test commands are listed below.
```
